# Meeting Agenda (NOV 26, 2019)

Second last meeting; ~ 1 week remains

## Topics

0. Stand-ups

1. Code Completion
  - Where are we at on features
  - Feature freeze on Wednesday night
    - We lost a lot of marks for this in the last ID
  - Are assertions being written?
    - This is extremely important, reminder we got 0 last ID for this
  - Design hasn't really been followed
  
2. Testing Completion
  - Where are we at on testing coverage
  - Will everything be tested before hand-in?
  - What day is best for a bug party

3. Documentation Completion
  - Massive amounts of work need to be done to design document to make it as-built
  - Requirements document probably needs little work, but should still be checked by someone
  - Post-mortem query
    - I want everyone to send me a small list of thoughts about issues in the document and we can compile them into one thing
  - Presentation needs to be our best one yet
  - Timelogs are an absolute mess
    - Everyone needs to standardize their logs, no more individual formats for everyone

## After Action Report (Minutes)

## Attendance

[Check off who attended]

- [ ] Camille
- [ ] Anurag
- [ ] Mesa
- [ ] Braunson
- [ ] Evan
- [ ] Eileen
- [ ] Kevin
- [ ] Amanda

