# Meeting Agenda (OCTOBER 29th, 2019)

ID3 Meeting 1

## Topics

0. Stand-ups

1. Where are we?
  - How far along is development?
    - What features can we reasonably expect to have done by Friday?
  - How far along is testing?
    - What features can we reasonably expect to have tested by ID3 due-date?
  
2. Team Policy Update
  - policy for tardiness
  - policy for PR reviews
  - policy for responsiveness
  
3. What Branches Are people on?
  - Are we understanding GitFlow?
  - We need MORE PR's
  - We need less huge pushes
  - We can't create issues if we don't have work to look at, we're marked on issues usage so this will hurt us
  
4. No one seems to be using Trello
  - Dev team still only has 3 cards


## After Action Report (Minutes)

> Duration:


## Attendance

[Check off who attended]

- [ ] Camille
- [ ] Anurag
- [ ] Mesa
- [ ] Braunson
- [ ] Evan
- [ ] Eileen
- [ ] Kevin
- [ ] Amanda
- [ ] Clinton
