# Meeting Agenda (October 11th, 2019)

DESCRIPTION

## Topics

[Group members can add topics if there is something to share/bring up/solve]
0. Review Design
1. Stubs and Pre/Post Conditions are supposed to be done tonight
  - Once this is done then we can begin implementation
2. How many people are needed for implementation?
3. How many people are needed to write tests?
4. Are we on track? Is the current Gantt chart fair/appropriate?
  - Is it possible to parallelize this more?
    - Would mocks aid with this?
5. Bug party after feature freeze?

## After Action Report (Minutes)

>Duration:

[Check off who attended]

- [ ] Camille
- [ ] Anurag
- [ ] Mesa
- [ ] Braunson
- [ ] Evan
- [ ] Eileen
- [ ] Kevin
- [ ] Amanda
- [ ] Clinton
