# Meeting Agenda (OCT 8, 2019)

ID1 Post-Mortem and ID2 Planning

0. Stand-ups

## Current Issues

1. ID1 Post Mortem
    - What did we do right?
    - What did we do wrong?
    - How can we improve the process?
2. ID2 Planning
    - Fully working version of system
    - Timelogging breakdown (We've added categorization and progress info)
        - What are peoples time commitments coming up?
        - We have a current estimate of 280 man-hours for the next milestone
        - This means roughly 15 hours per person, per week
    - Where do we think we will be by Oct 22nd (due date)
    - What needs to be done first?
        - Topo sort the mini-milestones for ID2
    - What artifact(s) will be chosen for formal review?
    - Design documentation?  Arcitecture documentation?
3. Risks
    - What are our current risks?

## After Action Report (Minutes)


## Attendance

[Check off who attended]

- [ ] Camille
- [ ] Anurag
- [ ] Mesa
- [ ] Braunson
- [ ] Evan
- [ ] Eileen
- [ ] Kevin
- [ ] Amanda
- [ ] Clinton
