# Meeting Agenda (NOV 5TH, 2019)

ID3 Retrospective and Moving Forward

0. Stand ups

1. ID3 Post-Mortem
  - We're down a man
  - How can we improve group cohesiveness?
    - People are obviously afraid to ask questions
    - The group seems splintered
    - Were pair programming quotas met?
  - What went right?
  - What went wrong?
  - Are check-in's helping?
  
2. ID3 Mini Milestones
  - What can we expect to accomplish
    - Dev and test leads need to outline this
      - These need to coincide with each-other
      - These need to be broken down into tasks that take no more than 2 hours
      - From here we're going to make a gantt chart and try for that again
  - Anyone new want to be the risk officer?
  - Pick a formal inspection item
    - Probably a piece of code we plan to implement
  
3. Git
  - People are still doing huge commits
  - Branches aren't labeled or tagged properly
    - It's NSID-FEATURE
  - Smaller, bite sized commits make you look better
    - They reduce bad code
  - People are merging stuff from other branches into their branch
  




[Check off who attended]

- [ ] Camille
- [ ] Anurag
- [ ] Mesa
- [ ] Braunson
- [ ] Evan
- [ ] Eileen
- [ ] Kevin
- [ ] Amanda
