# Meeting Agenda (OCTOBER 15th, 2019)

ID2 Meeting 2

## Topics

0. Stand Ups

[Group members can add topics if there is something to share/bring up/solve]

1. Stubs are written
  - Are pre/post conds written?
  - How can we start to parallelize implmentation?
  
2. We're behind on the Gantt chart, is it possible to catch up or should we move things?
3. We're in midterm season, how will the effect people's ability to work coming in on ID2?
4. Reminders Channel added
  - If possible turn of your DnD for this channel
5. Design underwent some changes, this is reflected in the diagram on Slack and in the docs on Google drive
  - Everyone should review the design changes, we should all at least be able to speak about the general design
6. Timelogging is more complicated now
  - We still have some people not using timelogging
    - Reminder that you should use this for any task you do relating to the project including
      - Training sessions
      - Closing issues/organizational work
      - Prototyping
      - Exploritory work
7. Set a date for bug-party
8. We're now doing *weekly builds* with Osgood
9. Are mocks possible to get set up for ID2 to aid the developers, or is it better to just focus on getting
some simple testing implemented and mocks will be added to the ID3 workflow?
10. git stash overview

N. Future Actions

## After Action Report (Minutes)

## Attendance

[Check off who attended]

- [ ] Camille
- [ ] Anurag
- [ ] Mesa
- [ ] Braunson
- [ ] Evan
- [ ] Eileen
- [ ] Kevin
- [ ] Amanda
- [ ] Clinton
