October 1st meeting minutes:

Agenda Issues Discussed:

- Requirements Document *IN PROGRESS*
    - Rough draft to be completed by Friday (before our meeting
    with Osgood at 5:30pm)
    - This will be the item for formal review for ID1, formal
    review to be done by Eileen and Evan on Saturday (Oct 5th)
    
- Initial Source Code *SOLVED*
    - This was completed by Mesa

- Risk Documentation
    - We agreed that we will discuss our final schedule, and
    go forward with setting up some "final dates" that we hope
    to have our respective parts done by.
    *TABLED*: Until final schedule comes out

- Time Tracking *SOLVED*
    - Issue resolved, the spreadsheet can now be edited by
    anyone

- Formal Review *SOLVED*
    - As above, this will be the requirements document.

- Current Milestones 
    - Rough draft of requirements document for Friday
    - Review of requirements on Saturday
    - ID1 hand-in on Sunday
    - Amanda and Camille will figure out more mini-milestones

Other Issues Discussed:

- Buildmaster Redundancy Plan
    - Anurag will shadow Braunson once we begin writing code
    to better understand the build process

- GUI Mock-ups
    - Amanda will try to develop a few GUI mock-ups to present
    to Osgood by Friday
    - If possible, anyone who has GUI ideas can generate additional
    mock-ups

Future Issues:

- ID1 Presentation is due on Oct 8th (2 days after ID1 is due)
    - Who will prepare it?
    - Who will present it?
