# Meeting Agenda (OCT 4th, 2019)

Meeting with Osgood for Verification of Requirements

## Topics

1. GUI Mocks
    - Which of the mocks look reasonable?
    - What is your priority of usability features?
    - Our current priority list for design looks like this:
        - Simplicity 5
        - Readability 10
        - User Control 15
        - Conveyance/Intution 7
        - Flexibility Between Data 11
        - Organization 5
        - Effectively Display Info 12
        - Reactivity 7
        - Consistency 5
        - Aesthetically Pleasing 8

2. General Requirements Questions
    - We've assumed this is geared towards power-users, is that correct?
    - What's the priority of the features you have listed in the ideas document?
    
3. Implicit Requirements Questions
    - How robust does the system need to be (maybe wrt bad data)
    - How extensible does this system need to be? (Will there be interest in DB support in the future?)



## After Action Report (Minutes)


[Responsibility of the person who created the agenda to fill out the action report]


## Attendance

[Check off who attended]

- [ ] Camille
- [ ] Mesa
- [ ] Evan
- [ ] Amanda
- [ ] Clinton
